fix typos (#370)
geeksblabla/geeksblabla.com: blablas/ep142/index.md

0:00:00 - Introduction and welcoming

0:03:20 - First assumptions about mental Health.

0:21:00 - Are developers provided with adequate resources to manage workload and stress, such as time management tools, stress reduction techniques, and support from colleagues or supervisors?

0:42:20 - Are managers trained in recognizing signs of mental health issues and equipped to provide support and resources for those who may be struggling?

0:56:10 - How to avoid negativity between your team members?

> 1:03:00 - Is it good to build personal relatonship with team members or stay pfessional?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1:03:00 - Is it good to build personal relationship with team members or stay professional?
```
